Some docs update (#3794)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/converting.rst

2. Move the optimizer(s) and schedulers
=======================================

> Move your optimizers to :func:`~pytorch_lightning.core.LightningModule.configure_optimizers` hook. Make sure to use the hook parameters (self in this case).

Reviewer: What does this comment even mean?
"Make sure to use the hook parameters (self in this case)."

Author: May be @edenlightning can explain it. I just edited the `~`

Reviewer 2: I think that this is not needed...

> Make sure to use the hook parameters (self in this case).

Author: It's been removed.

3. Find the train loop "meat"
=============================

> Lightning automates most of the training for you, the epoch and batch iterations, all you need to keep is the training step logic. This should go into :func:`~pytorch_lightning.core.LightningModule.training_step` hook (make sure to use the hook parameters, self in this case):

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Lightning automates most of the training for you, the epoch and batch iterations, all you need to keep is the training step logic. This should go into :func:`~pytorch_lightning.core.LightningModule.training_step` hook (make sure to use the hook parameters, ``batch`` and ``batch_idx`` in this case):
```

4. Find the val loop "meat"
===========================

> To add an (optional) validation loop add logic to :func:`~pytorch_lightning.core.LightningModule.validation_step` hook (make sure to use the hook parameters, self in this case).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To add an (optional) validation loop add logic to the :func:`~pytorch_lightning.core.LightningModule.validation_step` hook (make sure to use the hook parameters, ``batch`` and ``batch_idx`` in this case).
```

            val_loss = F.cross_entropy(y_hat, y)
            return val_loss

.. note:: ``model.eval()`` and ``torch.no_grad()`` are called automatically for validation

5. Find the test loop "meat"
============================

> To add an (optional) test loop add logic to :func:`~pytorch_lightning.core.LightningModule.test_step` hook (make sure to use the hook parameters, self in this case).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To add an (optional) test loop add logic to the :func:`~pytorch_lightning.core.LightningModule.test_step` hook (make sure to use the hook parameters, ``batch`` and ``batch_idx`` in this case).
```
